Tweaked sound code to make the volume much more consistent.
Added better quality 8-bit to 16-bit sound conversion.
Switched from simple linear resampling to Lanczos-3 resampling for much clearer, less noisy, and more natural sounding audio.
Added sound de-duplication so two copies of the same sound don’t stack and become louder.
Added “Throttle sounds” setting (default on) that mutes sounds played less than 0.4s ago (previous two frames).
Rendering and clmov seeking speed increased.
Character names and chat bubbles are now native resolution and much sharper.
Clicking an item in the inventory window now equips or unequips the item.
Added cancel button for restarting downloads.
Added separate “always on top” window option.
Fixed resize thumb in corner of main game window.
Scroll position in windows is preserved when refreshed.
Chat/Console windows preserve scroll location unless at the bottom, then they auto-scroll.
Changed characters.json format (saved character list will reset).
Added “Try the demo” button to main screen, chooses random available demo character slot.
Improved mute button mechanics, preserves previous volume.
Added customizable console/chat window time-stamp options.
All window positions and states (open/closed/pinned/size) are now fully restored from previous sessions.
Added support for custom splash and background images (background.png and/or splash.png in the data directory).
Default background color is now based on the theme’s window color at 50% brightness instead of plain black.
The UI library EUI now uses full TTF fonts from goThoom.
Ebiten main window size is now saved and restored between sessions.
Window positions/states are reset if “reset all settings” is chosen.
Notification system added (similar to Steam banners). Current options: Fallen, No longer fallen, sharing/no longer sharing. Includes a slider for duration. Clicking the notification closes it early (buggy atm, wip).
Fallen/Not fallen status now properly updates in the players list.
Added basic copy/paste to the console input bar. Ctrl-V pastes, Ctrl-C copies the entire input line.
